Will Chase... FBI!
Frankie Trowbridge... CIA.
The world is in chaos,
so we've assembled
all of America's best
intelligence assets
under one banner.
We are all officially working together.
As a team.
- Led by me.
Previously on "Whiskey Cavalier"...
Frankie, you got to
start trusting people.
You think now is a good time
for me to start working on that?
I'm assigning you someone
to lay out your missions,
service support wherever
you are in the world.
Knock, knock.
I'm so excited to be part of this team.
Ooh-kay. Too soon?
Four years at MIT,
three years at the NSA,
and I have been reduced to
"Lock the door, Standish."
We gotta grab Stavros... alive.
You're too emotionally
available for a spy.
Get him to open the vault, and
we can get our hands on the ledger
and put a lot of bad people behind bars.
You were right. I opened
up my big, dumb heart.
It may have impacted the mission.
May have?!
Can we agree this is his fault?
Hey!
Did you cut my brakes?
What you did to Will is unforgivable.
You'll never be a part of this team.
I could've died!
Chance I was willing to take, Ray.
_
We have the Prime Minister and his wife.
If the names on the list
are not released by noon,
we will execute them both.
Okay, he just set a noon deadline.
Standish, where are you
on finding their location?
I triangulated the signal from the call.
I'm outside the building now.
Sending the address.
That's on the other side of London.
It's almost noon.
There's not enough time for
Will and Frankie to drive there.
No problem!
We had a different idea!
Why do you get to drive?
Because I got in first.
That's not a good system.
Well, at the dock, I
said, "Ladies first."
You said, "I guess that
means I'm after you"...
Very funny, by the way...
So now you don't get to drive.
Totally worth it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Open the door.
No habla ingles.
IAbre la Puerta!
I don't speak Spanish, either.
Guys, we may have a problem.
They've got Standish.
My psych profile says they
won't hesitate to kill hostages.
Drop your guns, or your friend dies.
It's okay. We're not that tight.
What are you doing?
My job.
You're gonna shoot Standish.
If I have to.
I can't let you do that.
So, I can't talk to Standish
because they took his comms.
Could someone please mention
that wedding ring I just issued him?
Standish, just know
that whatever happens,
I'll make sure to notify your wife.
Wife?
Oh.
Yeah!
That's right, bitch!
Come on, guys.
They're dead.
Again.
Hello, agents.
Don't feel bad.
Remember, these training missions
are designed to be impossible.
Your team's getting better each time.
Brilliant idea grabbing
the boat, by the way.
Oh, thank you, sir. That was my idea.
We would've made it
if you'd let me drive.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
_
You've been pissed off for
three time zones. What's up?
We would have made it in time
if you let me shoot Standish.
Excuse me?
It's the job.
Sometimes innocent people have to die.
Or... This might be crazy...
How about no innocent people die?
I'm just... I'm spitballing here.
Mr. Sensitivity gets all misty
when we have to shoot one
of his friends in the face.
You were gonna kill me. We've got beef.
You're not capable of beef.
I can do beef.
Are you seriously criticizing me
for caring about the
well-being of my team?
Our team.
Our team. Yes. Thank you.
See? You're investing.
If we want this thing to work,
we've got to start treating
each other like we're a family.
Hard pass.
When you get emotionally invested,
you can't make the tough decisions,
which is why I don't
trust you to have my back.
When you got shot in France,
who performed emergency surgery on you?
I literally saved your life.
And you don't stop talking about it.
Hey. Hey.
She is just trying to push your buttons.
Well it's not working.
Attaboy.
But how can she not trust me?
Everybody trusts me.
I'm an Eagle Scout.
Sweetie, I know you're
super proud of that,
but it's not as sexy as you think it is.
Oh. It's pretty sexy.
Director Casey wants to
talk to the two of us.
Alright. You guys wait here.
We'll fill you in.
Can't wait.
Or we can listen in on
everything they're saying.
Hey-oh! Let me in.
You bugged them?
That is an invasion of their privacy.
You want earbuds or not?
Not.
Agents, welcome back.
How were the training exercises?
Great, sir. We got better every time.
He is lying. They went horribly.
But she jokes a lot.
- I don't.
- No, you do.
We just have to work on your timing
and delivery
and level of appropriateness.
Have a seat.
So, agents, let's talk about
the future of your team.
Oh, Director Casey is saying Jai and I
are like a... diverse Batman and Robin.
You're Robin.
Oh, now he's talking about you.
- Uh-oh.
- Hmm?
Uh-oh.
Fine.
There it is.
This better be good.
Home, sweet home.
So, we should probably...
...debrief you on the Casey meeting.
Basically, he told us that...
Because of how our first mission went,
he's not sure if he's
keeping the team together.
Wait, how did you know that?
Jai bugged you.
You should probably get used to that.
Yeah. We heard everything.
Susan.
Well, I'd expect this
from them, but you?
Well, I said no at first,
but, uh, then I got excited, so...
Look, I don't get it.
Why would they disband the team?
Our first mission
wasn't that bad, was it?
No. I mean, we killed our target,
flooded a bank,
and Will made kissy-face
with the leader of an
international crime organization.
I didn't make kissy-face.
I mean, you did a little bit.
So, what do we do now?
We treat it like a normal workday.
I mean, look, if this old bar
is gonna be our permanent home,
I say we clean it up a bit, huh?
Ooh. Sounds fun.
I'm not sure you know what fun is.
I know it's not cleaning.
You guys think that's fun, right?
Oh, yeah. This is my office.
Well, hope they don't break up the team,
'cause this definitely
beats my cubicle at the NSA.
Thank you for that, by the way.
Hey, don't mention it.
Will, I want you to know,
I'm-a do you proud, man.
Good. Good.
And I want you to know
I'm gonna have you doing
mostly tech work to start.
Oh.
It's cool, but eventually,
you'll want me out there in the field.
Can't leave the big dog
tied up on the porch, right?
"Big dog on the porch." Sure, yeah.
Um, Standish, you...
You've never had any weapons training.
- No.
- Show me how you hold a gun.
You know what, I actually wanted
to talk to you about that...
- Okay.
- ...uh, because I think it would be great...
if I had...
two.
- Oh!
- Give myself a signature.
- Sure.
- You know, something to know myself by.
Pow-pow! Pow! Pow! Pow!
- Then we get low with it. Pow, pow!
- Oh.
You know, reload.
Clap, click-click. Pow!
- Whoa!
- Pow-pow-pow!
- There's a guy behind you.
- I heard him.
- You see that?
- Sure.
Always listening.
- Right.
- Mm-hmm.
Here's the thing, Standish.
Uh, the business we're in is real.
The bullets are real.
It's not... It's not a video game.
You get shot...
you die.
- You got it?
- Yeah.
Yeah, no, I mean, I got it.
No, you don't.
But you will.
Look, I think you have the
potential to be a great agent,
and I'm gonna help you get there.
I promise. You just...
You got to be patient.
And... And for future reference,
when you go to shoot someone,
you want to make sure
that you actually see them.
Right.
Will, Standish, Ray's here.
Oh, okay. Great.
Now that we're all here, I
have a mission for you guys.
If you pull it off, you're golden,
and if you don't, well, they're
going to disband the team,
and I get fired.
Oh. Sounds like a lose-win situation.
Maybe I'll just get
right to the mission.
Ooh, wait for it.
Ooh! Hey.
Will said treat today
like a normal workday,
so I upped our security system
and shielded us against
any electronic surveillance.
Wow. That's... That's great, Jai.
Kiss-ass.
Okay, well, your target
is an Italian neofascist
group, Fascia Rossa.
And due to the Italian
immigration crisis,
right-wing hate groups have been
popping up all over the place.
But Fascia Rossa is different.
Because they're backed by a billionaire,
they can cause havoc on a massive scale.
And Fascia Rossa has proven adept
at using social media
propaganda to grow in size.
And I'm guessing they
convinced their followers
that immigrants are the cause
of all problems plaguing Italy.
Exactly. And now their
leader, Luca Crudele,
wants to take Fascia
Rossa to the next level.
We have Intel that an American engineer,
Thomas Andrews,
has been recruited to the group.
Andrews' specialty is chemical bombs.
They are paying him to make
a weapon of mass destruction.
Your mission is to extract Andrews
before he begins building a bomb
and to get him to turn on Fascia Rossa.
And the most important part...
...to save my job.
Let's go.
Get out of my way.
Ooh, she make you nervous, Ray?
Well, she tried to kill me last week,
so yeah, she makes me a little...
What happened? You getting rusty?
Let's go.
_
Ooh. Remember this?
Old Faithful.
Ooh. I really like your gun.
Thank you. Jai picked it out.
He has great taste.
Sweet.
Okay.
- Now, these are badass!
- Yeah.
Think I'm-a take this one.
- Nice, right?
- Yeah.
No.
- None of these are for you.
- Why not?
Well, I can't give a gun to someone
who has no field experience.
Plus, you act like a child.
No offense.
You know, you can't just insult me,
then buy it back by saying "No offense."
I can if I don't care whether
you were offended or not.
No offense.
Okay, guys. Let's take a look.
This is our best chance
of grabbing Andrews.
Luca Crudele is throwing a
party at his villa tonight
for his supporters.
Which is gonna be full
of those ultra-violent
focaccia ravioli dudes.
Fascia Rossa.
My Italian's evolving.
The point is, I need a gun.
Don't worry. They're not
even gonna know we're there.
Yeah, we locate Andrews,
drug him, extract him. Done.
I don't necessarily
think we need to drug him.
I'm pretty sure I can
get him to cooperate.
Oh, once I'm done with
him, he'll "cooperate."
I've never been so afraid of air quotes
in my entire life.
Of course you're
afraid to kick some ass.
You're a total Boy Scout.
What is your beef with the Boy Scouts?
You two need to get on the same page,
or someone's gonna get shot.
- Probably Standish.
- Why me?
I'm just throwing a name out there.
Alright, guys. Let's
get ready to do this.
Hey, Frankie. Hold up.
You know, I think Susan's right.
For the sake of the team, you and I...
We're gonna need to connect.
Please don't start talking family again.
You know what the greatest
thing is about family?
Seriously, I'm holding a gun.
Right. Family always
has your back, okay,
and I know you said that
you don't do attachments,
but I got bad news for you, partner.
I am going to win you over.
My charm is like a virus.
It is. It's a charm virus.
And before you know it,
boom, you're infected.
So you're gonna give me a virus?
Yes. Yes, I am. Metaphorically. Right?
Look, my larger point
is that you and I are
going to be attached
because team...
is like a family.
- Look at that. I circled back.
- Stop.
Let me make something clear.
I don't mix the personal
with the professional,
so I'm never going to let
myself care about any of you.
Yeah, but what if it's true?
What if she never comes around?
- Ah, don't be like that.
- No, I know.
I just feel...
Wow. You clean up nice.
Thank you.
You are...
a bit of a mess.
Please. In this tux, I'm like a 9.
Worst case, 8 1/2,
- but that's just because it's Italy.
- Yeah.
I can always tell when you're nervous.
You never get the tie right.
I felt like Frankie and
I were making progress,
and now she's just...
put her armor back on.
Well, what did you expect?
Did you think you were just
gonna say the word "family"
and she'd go in for the group hug?
Have I not explained the concept
of the charm virus to you?
It's very simple.
Just give her some time.
No, you're right.
She's probably trying
as hard as she can.
I'm not even gonna bother trying.
He's just pushing your buttons.
Well, it's not working.
And we're not family.
I don't even like him.
Well, you didn't like
me when we first met.
In fact, you tried to kill me.
Yeah, but that was for
work. It wasn't personal.
Do I sound like I'm judging?
Mmm.
My point is, we chose to get past that,
and now... here we are.
Besties.
And I still resent the
fact that I care about you.
Not that I do.
Of course you don't.
Alright, this...
ties this together.
You know, I could have killed you.
I chose not to.
Yeah.
Hey, Francesca.
Hmm?
Whatever you decide...
I got your back.
Oh, you guys look so great.
I know you're probably
wondering how it is in the van.
Let me update you.
Super sexy in here.
This catering outfit, uh,
really does wonders for my shape.
No FOMO on this side.
Just happy to be on a mission...
in a van...
once again.
- Thank you.
- Anyone got eyes on Andrews?
Nothing yet.
Hey, on your six.
Now, that is a partnership.
I mean, they gotta be
married, what, 40 years?
How do you think they make it work?
They accept each other for who they are.
Two old racists.
Alright, shall we?
Eh.
It'll be easier to case the room.
See? Better vantage point.
Hmm.
So, were you funny as a kid?
My dad always said humor was
my best defense mechanism.
He obviously never saw you shoot people.
You two were close, huh?
What are you doing?
Just trying to get to know you.
Never gonna stop trying.
Yeah, well, we should stay on task.
Susan, you got anything?
Aside from half the men here
pretending not to know their mistresses,
all is clear.
No sign of Andrews.
Jai, are the cameras live?
And the last one is...
hot.
Standish, you can run
facial recognition.
Yeah, no, I've got eyes on everybody
from out here at the kids table.
Aprite!
Aprite Ora!
Uh, one second!
Andiamo.
Ah, geez.
Catering things are happening right now.
Hey.
Cosa stai facendo?
- What now?
- Cosa?
You know what? I actually
don't speak Italian.
I'm American. Tim. I'm from Tulane.
Junior year. Studying abroad.
I'm actually not even
supposed to be here.
I just did this to pick
up a little extra cash,
trying to get to Amsterdam,
for the same reasons I
see that you are here.
It's okay.
I also partake a little bit,
but if you're anything like me,
you're probably starving
right now, right?
I got something for you.
Look at this.
A whole tray of hors d'oeuvres.
Yeah. I understand. I've
had the munchies before.
- Shh!
- Yeah. Oh, shh.
We'll keep it real quiet.
Your little group
wouldn't appreciate it.
You guys are weird.
Have a good night. Alright, now.
You guys, I just took out a guard
with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.
I'm gonna need a gun.
Jai, he's got a point.
First, you bug Will,
now no gun for Standish.
Are you really that
much of a control freak?
Oh. Oh.
You are.
Alright, fine.
There is a weapon under the front seat.
Do not make me regret this.
Oh, hell yes.
Jai?
Where's the rest of it?
You're so sweet.
I am.
This diminishes me as a man.
Luca Crudele!
Luca's gone onstage.
_
Classic malignant narcissist.
Same basic profile for
all sociopathic demagogues.
_
Target spotted.
Why's he got a babysitter?
You get Andrews.
I'll get the handler.
Yep.
_
Hey.
We're leaving.
Quietly.
_
Hi, handsome security guard.
Do you know where the bathroom is?
- Francesca?!
- Marco?
I haven't seen you since Belgium.
You look good.
I didn't know you were political.
It pays the bills.
Wait.
Are you here on business?
Pig.
He wouldn't take no for an answer.
Hey. Wait.
Ah. Ah.
Did you just drug him?
Yes, it's better this way. Trust me.
We can't risk him sounding the alarm,
- and we have to get out of here now.
- He was cooperating.
Well, he's definitely cooperating now.
Jai, you've got to stop giving
people weaponized jewelry.
I'm serious.
_
Working on an exit plan.
One blackout coming right up.
No, you're right!
This is so much easier!
Are you even helping?
- Come on, come on, come on, come on.
- Jai! Damn it.
Frankie!
- You know him?!
- Go! Go! Go!
- How do you know him?
- Before I joined the CIA,
we did... jobs together.
Like walking dogs, mowing
lawns, that kind of stuff?
Yeah, it was a crazy summer.
You were an assassin?
Way to make it sound dirty.
Anything else I should know about you?
How much time you got?
He's waking up.
Oh, oh. Where am I?
Who are you people?
Hello, Mr. Andrews.
I'm Special Agent Will Chase.
You have two choices.
We can charge you with terrorism
and conspiracy to commit murder,
or you can roll on your employer
and we can talk plea deal.
I'm not telling you anything.
Okay.
My turn.
I don't even know who you people are!
But we don't have to do this.
Look, you don't know the whole story.
We're gonna find out.
It really undermines my
ability to motivate the asset
when you take the bullets out of my gun.
Well, it pays to think ahead.
Andrews, we know you've started
building a bomb for them.
Where were you working?
I'll tell you everything,
but I have certain conditions.
Wrong answer.
Ohh!
Frankie, you're gonna break him.
I don't care.
I-I did it for my daughter.
Okay?
Th... They forced me.
They said if I didn't build
a bomb, they would kill her.
I don't believe him. Jai?
Oh, thank you. I
wouldn't lie to you, okay?
My daughter means
everything to me. Look. Look.
See? Here she is.
She's 10 years old.
See?
Susan.
He's holding your gaze,
his pupils are dilated.
I believe him.
Me, too.
Seems really credible.
But it's not my area,
so I'll just shut up.
Listen, I-I-I'll tell you
whatever you need to know, okay?
I just have to make sure
that my daughter is safe.
They'll take her, and I need your help.
We don't negotiate.
Think what you want about me,
but Isabella... She's innocent.
Don't tell me that you're
seriously considering this.
I'll tell you what.
If he's lying, I'll shoot him myself.
Hey.
Got you a coffee.
Oh, you're a lifesaver.
Did you get any sleep?
No.
No, I mean, we're so divided.
Honestly...
I wouldn't mind Frankie hating me,
as long as it brought the team together.
Nah.
You can't stand anyone not liking you.
Well, that's just because
it doesn't make any sense.
I am... I am very likable.
Will.
Frankie doesn't hate you.
Stop it. I...
Hey. Oh, um...
When we're out there with Andrews,
do me a favor and keep
an eye on Standish.
There.
That right there.
What?
That's why this team is gonna be okay.
You always put everybody first.
It's like your... It's like
your number-one superpower.
Mnh. I don't know. What
about my boyish good looks?
Hmm.
No.
No? W-Wait. I'm gonna
gaze out this window.
Look how handsome I look.
Ohh, yeaaah, I do see it.
Uh-huh.
You're an idiot.
Wh... Come on.
That's hard to hear, but I understand.
Alright. We got to roll. Okay.
You gonna do some more gazing?
Find some more windows.
We'll get your daughter
into protective custody.
Then you give us everything
we need on the bomb.
Alright, team, eyes
up. We're on the move.
Once again letting your
emotions get in the way.
Did my emotions get in the way
when I saved your life in France?
You're prohibited from
saying it ever again.
Saved it. Did it.
So, this is dope,
walking around, all
strapped and whatnot.
What exactly are we
supposed to be doing?
Scan the crowd without being obvious.
You're looking for hostiles.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
So, you had no field
training at the NSA.
They just put you in front of
a computer and left you there?
Yeah. But I play a lot of
"Fortnite," so I should be okay.
I'm gonna pretend like
I didn't hear that,
because it's so embarrassing for you.
Jai, any activity?
All clear on my scanner. Will?
Alright. We're almost at the rendezvous.
No sign of the girl yet.
- I appreciate you doing this.
- Yeah.
We're not doing this for you.
We're doing this to stop Fascia Rosa
from killing innocent people
with a bomb you designed.
I didn't think I had a choice.
You always have a choice.
Alright. Here comes the kid.
Southeast corner.
Headed for the tram stop.
There she is.
No, no, no. Stay with
us. You understand?
We'll get to her as soon
as we know it's safe.
Susan? Standish?
Still clear. No hostiles in sight.
Okay.
Isabella!
No!
No. No!
Shoot.
Hey! Isabella! Move! Move!
Hey! Hey! Wait! Wait!
Wait! Aah!
Hey! Isabella!
I got him!
Oh!
- Ooh! You Al...
- J-J-J-J-J-Jai, Jai, I'm so sorry.
Shush!
You consider yourself
officially disarmed.
Come on!
Anderson, hey, it's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be o...
We'll find your daughter.
I lied... I lied to you.
The bomb...
It's done. I finished it.
What?
Fascia Rossa's gonna use it today.
What? Andrews, hey, stay with me.
Hey, Andrews, Andrews,
tell me where the bomb is.
Andrews. Andrews, listen to me.
Tell me where the bomb is.
Hey, Andrews. Damn it. Come on!
Will, Marco got away.
Jai tagged him. We need to go... now!
Look, in my defense,
there were a lot of people
around, and he was a moving target!
- It was...
- Still angry.
Alright, Marco's about
a mile ahead of us.
He's almost out of my tracker's
range, but it's holding.
Why are we following this guy?
Because he's our only lead!
What about the girl?
Don't worry. We're gonna save
her after we deal with the bomb.
Yes, we are.
We made a promise to the man.
Hey, Andrews was not
gonna help us otherwise.
I could've gotten it out of him.
Oh, by torturing a man who's
trying to protect his child?
That is always a no on this team!
Are we clear?!
Ugh! Why did I waste a second of my time
trying to bond with you?!
You have not been honest with me
since the moment we
started working together!
Guys!
We don't even know who
the hell she really is!
- You want to know who I am?!
- Tell me!
I'm a killer! And now I'm your partner!
Enjoy!
This is a disaster.
Yeah, what do you expect?
It's an arranged marriage.
I'll talk to Will. You talk to her.
Look, there's nothing I can do, alright?
You're wrong. She will listen to you.
No, she won't.
Your obsessive need to control
means that you won't attempt anything
if you can't predict the outcome.
God, would you stop!
Stop touching me. Stop fixing me.
Stop digging around in here.
Your opinion means nothing to me.
Okay.
Uh, guys, the, uh, tracker stopped.
There's a small piazza up ahead.
How about a warning next time?
Okay. We're here.
It's a Saints' Day festival.
The whole city turns out.
This must be where the bomb is.
Yeah. Blow up a huge crowd,
blame it on immigrants,
watch the country burn.
Well done, Luca.
You stay on comms.
- We'll locate Marco.
- Alright, let's go.
I'm gonna stay in the van,
figure out how to disable this bomb...
You know, if you find it.
I'm gonna stay back, too,
if that's okay with you.
I think I know how to help.
Get in the van. Come on.
You got anything?
No.
You?
Nope. I got nothing.
Scusi.
Check down there.
Scusi. Scusi. Scusi.
Look, man, I'm really sorry
about the whole "shooting you" thing.
Mnh-mnh. Now's not the time.
Come on.
Hey, isn't that Marco's bike?
Yes.
Okay, so, I retasked an NSA satellite.
Alright, we found Marco's
bike, but, uh, no Marco.
According to the heat signature,
it says that you're standing
at the location of the bomb.
There's nothing here.
What if we're right on top of it?
It's worth a shot.
Give me a hand.
Ohh.
Alright.
I guess I'm on point for this one, huh?
I want to say "Ladies
first" so bad right now.
I respect that.
Alright. You're getting closer.
Do you see anything?
Nothing yet, but
there's a light up ahead.
Jai, I think we found it.
Okay, see if you can
find me any related files
- from Andrews' personal server.
- Already on it.
Good man.
Hey, Frankie.
Agh.
I gotta say,
the new guy's a bit of a downgrade.
Is this what you do now?
Take out women and
children for a payday?
You're one to talk.
Or did CIA erase your memory
when they made you their bitch?
Such a tough guy.
But at the party, I put you down,
and you stayed down.
A real man would only be
out for, what, 20 seconds?
Right, Will?
I should have killed you in Belgium.
Yeah, you should've.
You have nice friends.
Alright, one minute, 55 seconds, Jai.
Okay. Calm down.
Uh, we're pretty calm here, buddy.
Talking to myself.
Okay.
To disable the bomb, you
need to remove the detonator.
That's it?
Yeah, except the containment wall
underneath the reaction chamber
has electro-capacitive contacts
that are surrounding
the detonation module.
Can we get that in English, please, Jai?
Okay, you know the game "Operation"?
It's exactly like that,
except if you touch the side...
thousands of people die.
Hey, Susan, I need
you to figure out a way
to get rid of that crowd.
Okay. I see the detonator.
I can fit my hand in there,
but then I can't see anything.
Um... alright. Here.
Let me see if I can.
Okay, I see your hand.
Alright, get on.
I'll be your eyes and talk
you through from down here.
- Okay.
Okay. Keep going.
Slightly to your right.
And then slowly pull
down and towards you.
If this whole thing goes sideways,
I want you to know
that I think you're a...
capable agent.
And I know I'm not the
easiest person to work with.
No, you're a cakewalk.
Look, I made mistakes, too, alright,
but we still have each other's backs.
You know why?
If you say "Because we're family,"
I am gonna let this thing explode.
We are a family.
Careful.
It's heavy.
Do not touch the sides.
Okay.
Move your thumb a little to the left.
No, no, no, no. Okay. Okay.
You got it. You're fine.
Now put your hand a little right.
There... and down.
Okay.
Okay. Keep going.
And slowly pull your hand towards you.
Yes, yes, yes, yes,
yes. You're right there.
Okay. Now straight out.
I got it. Okay.
Green, by the way.
What?
Oh, come on. You were trying to
figure out what color my eyes are.
I-I wasn't wondering...
- ...what color your eyes are.
- Wait. Jai. Hey, why is this thing still humming?
Oh, I'm betting that's 'cause
Andrews booby-trapped it.
Run!
I saved your life again.
No, you didn't.
It's over.
We failed.
No loose ends.
Now it's over.
I've got her.
Yep. Hands behind your back.
Isabella, hi.
Look at me, sweetie.
It's gonna be okay.
I know what you're thinking, Whiskey,
but everyone's got a soft spot.
I mean, you've got hundreds of them.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
_
What do you want, Ray?
Nice work, guys.
My job is safe.
Yay.
Oh, yeah. And, uh, good news...
They're keeping the team together.
Way to bury the lede, Ray.
You know, it just got me to thinking.
This team can get better and better
the closer and closer
we all get as friends.
Bye, Ray.
Hello?
Yeah, I got to go, too.
I got... stuff to do. A big meeting.
Had to hang up on them
'cause of my big,
important meeting I have.
You all stay working hard.
"Doesn't play well with others."
That is what my teacher wrote
in my report card...
in kindergarten.
Mine wrote, "Susan
is a ray of sunshine."
I don't feel like I have
anything to apologize for.
Yes, you do.
But just for the sake of argument,
we're gonna say that I...
happen to agree with you.
Look...
...I just...
♪ You feelin' alright? ♪
...I haven't quite
worked with many, um...
♪ I'm not feelin' too good myself ♪
...people... before.
♪ You feelin' alright? ♪
So this whole team thing
is... is new for me.
But I'm trying.
Look, Jai, I'm a big girl.
You and I are good.
But I'm not the one that you
need to square things with.
And I think you know that.
You know, you are a ray of sunshine!
I know!
Just a... burning, relentless...
♪ You feelin' alright? ♪
...ray of sunshine.
Frankie! Get over here!
We gotta celebrate a
successful mission together!
♪ You feelin' alright? ♪
Okay. I got you something.
No way! Thank you, man!
I... You know, I want you to
know how much this means to me,
knowing that you have faith in me to...
There's no bullets in this gun.
No. Those come later.
Much later.
Hey, guys I'd like to propose a toast.
I thought I would do the toast.
I appreciate it.
I already wrote some stuff
down, though... just some ideas.
Oh, guess you were
that guy in high school.
What's wrong with being
that guy in high school?
- What?
- You said, "You were that guy in high school,"
and it was an implication
that there's something
wrong with being "that guy."
Oh, no, nothing wrong
with being a total loser.
- I'll give the toast.
- Okay.
- You want to use my little ideas that...
- Thank you.
- No?
- Here's to a successful mission.
Y mucho más.
- Cheers.
Salut.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org